Clarify high availability recommendations in Elasticsearch orchestration docs (#8151)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/orchestration.asciidoc

** Single-node clusters
** Clusters containing indices with no replicas

> If an {es} node holds the only copy of a shard, this shard becomes unavailable while the node is upgraded. link:{ref}/high-availability.html[Highly available] clusters are recommended, including having more than one node per link:{ref}/data-tiers.html[data tier] and at least one replica per index.

Author: ```suggestion
If an {es} node holds the only copy of a shard, this shard becomes unavailable while the node is upgraded. link:{ref}/high-availability-cluster-design.html[Highly available] clusters are recommended, including having more than one node per link:{ref}/data-tiers.html[data tier] and at least one replica per index.
```
FWIW noting a [highly available](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/high-availability-cluster-design.html) alternative link which may be better.

> If an {es} node holds the only copy of a shard, this shard becomes unavailable while the node is upgraded. link:{ref}/high-availability-cluster-design.html[Highly available] clusters are recommended, including having more than one node per link:{ref}/data-tiers.html[data tier] and at least one replica per index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an {es} node holds the only copy of a shard, this shard becomes unavailable while the node is upgraded. To ensure link:{ref}/high-availability-cluster-design.html[high availability] it is recommended to configure clusters with three master nodes, more than one node per link:{ref}/data-tiers.html[data tier] and at least one replica per index.
```
Just having multiple nodes per data tier does not make a cluster highly available. ECK starts treating a cluster as HA only if it also has at least three master nodes and this also what the doc says that you propose to link to.
